Apply readme fixes (#1)
DaftMobile/EntityFramework.Plus.Moq: README.md

﻿# Potential fix for `_queryCompiler` missing field

## Problem description

> When using `Z.EntityFramework.Plus.EFCore` alongside `MockQueryable.Moq`, or even any `AsQueryable` other than `EntityFramework`, you get an exception:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `Z.EntityFramework.Plus.EFCore` alongside `MockQueryable.Moq`, or even any `IQueryable` other than EntityFrameworks `EntityQueryProvider`, you get an exception:
```
